Somebody arrest them all for me
Feng Haicai
Do you have anything else to say?
I admit you won, but I didn't expect me to be out of control
But you are more cunning than me.
I underestimated you
But you remember me.
I will wait for you in hell
Not good president
Feng Haijian bit his tongue and committed suicide
Forget it, do the bad things
deserve it
Take the two to the police station
Good interrogation yes
Hello president
I am Xiaoxue's grandfather
My name is Jiang Chuanlu
I know you're still so tough at your age
If it weren't for you just now?
Then it's dangerous, hahaha, of course.
This is my grandson and granddaughter
I'm an old life
Keep them safe too
Hahahahaha